Amit Sah
977-9815748710
www.amitsah.com.np
adonisamitsah@gmail.com 
Dhapasi, Kathmandu, Nepal


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic administrative and financial professional with over 7 years of experience in both public and private organizations. Proven track record of managing administrative and financial functions, preparing financial reporting and statements, and leading teams to success. Experienced in working with accounting software and designing financial reports to provide accurate and timely information to management. Skilled in analyzing financial data and making recommendations for process improvements.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Admin and Finance Officer Jul 2017 - Present
Swadeshi Securities & Investment Pvt. Ltd. - Kathmandu

Recorded daily accounting entries, prepared quarterly reports, and reconciled bank statements.
Compiled tax returns and e-TDS Return Filing, while maintaining balance sheets and profit and loss.
Supervised and trained junior accountants.
Implemented new procedures to streamline accounting processes, resulting in a 20% decrease in reporting errors.
Added automation to Google Sheets to provide real-time investment reports, enabling management to make informed decisions.

Account Assistant Jun 2015 - Jun 2017
Shree Krishna Securities Ltd. - Kathmandu, Nepal

Generated client billings and reviewed details provided by managers.
Managed posting of purchase, sales, payment, receipt collection, and journal voucher.
Maintained cash transactions and reconciled sales and purchase accounts.
Created an outstanding list of debtors and conducted payment follow-up, resulting in an 18% increase in collections.

EDUCATION

Bachelor In Business Administration May 2015 - Jan 2018 ICFAI University - Tripura, India
Graduated with 7.62 CGPA out of 10.

SKILLS

Knowledge of General Accounting Practices.
Ability to Analyze Data.
Critical Thinking Skills.
Time Management Skills.
MS-Office Skills.

REFERENCES

Dinesh Aryal - CEO
Shree Krishna Securities Ltd. - Kathmandu, Nepal
Contact No.: +977-9851057896
Email: dineshasks@gmail.com



